Nancy.
Bohlale was asked the following question.
"Did you have sex with Mia?"
This is how he answered.
Yes.
And that answer is…
[voice] Truth.
I feel stupid.
[in Zulu] Bohlale doesn't deserve me.
I won't forgive him
for the rest of my life.
[in English] That's very fair.
[in Zulu] Because he humiliated me
for the rest of my life.
[in English] Bohlale's honesty
added 10.000 rand to the prize pot.
Thank you. Nancy.
You can return to your seat.
[Nancy. in Zulu]
What you have done has shattered my heart.
It has broken my spirit.
[in English]
I'm so disappointed. Yoh. [exhales]
[Nancy sniffles]
Nikiwe. it's your turn.
[exhales]
You've been looking very stressed out.
One thing about my face.
it never tells lies.
No. it does not.
It's clearly not that hard
to lose sight of the commitment you made
to someone else in 2.5 seconds.
Please take a look at this clip.
[exhales]
[Naledi] I said this to her very recently.
I'm like. "Dawg. I don't care
-about your money…
-[Wilfred] Mm-hmm.
…but I care about you having it
when you have it."
-[Wilfred] Exactly.
-"And what are you doing with it?"
-Yeah.
-"Why do you not have…"
You need to be able to buy yourself
a pair of shoes every month.
Right? To take your kid on a fucking trip.
and he must buy
whatever the heck he wants.
-[Wilfred] Yeah.
-Why can't you do that?
That's a big… Like.
the financial part is a huge problem.
Are these concerns you've heard before?
These are concerns I've heard before.
I'm particularly pissed off
because I don't feel comfortable with you
discussing my money situations
and what I can and cannot do for my kid.
I think somebody got lost in the sauce.
and forgot that there are just certain
things you don't hold with your mouth
when I'm not around.
What are your deal-breakers. Nikiwe?
My kid!
Why is my kid an example?
Why do you think you can say
stuff like this to other people?
You don't know these people.
I don't trust them like I trust you.
What are you doing?
What are you on?
Nikiwe. your partner received
the following question.
"Do you resent the fact that
you are financially dependent on Nikiwe?"
This is how they answered.
No.
And that answer is…
[voice] Truth.
That's very interesting.
I am intensely disappointed. [sniffles]
That moment. for me.
was someone I didn't recognize.
That was someone who would tell anyone
anything about me.
and I don't know if I feel safe.
Naledi's honesty
added 10.000 rand to the prize pot.
Nikiwe. I'd like you
to watch another clip.
[Wilfred]
What would you do if she tells you. like.
-she wants to be monogamous?
-Yoh! [chuckles]
"Yoh!" That's what I'd do.
-I know I'm polyamorous. right?
-[chuckles]
I know right now I…
I just wanna be with her.
but I know. like…
I can almost hear monogamous settling in.
-Mm-hmm.
-And I'm like…
-Mm-mmm.
-Hmm.
I think. in the depths of my spirit.
I'm. like. very flowy.
So. like. you're reminding me of that.
like…
-Mm-hmm.
-…a lot--
-I remind you of yourself.
-A lot more than I'd like to feel.
-Like…
-[Imogel laughs]
How did that make you feel?
I'm thinking about the fact that
that person is chatting about polyamory
like they didn't ask me
to stop seeing people.
That person is not polyamorous.
They're polygamous.
Because they want more than one partner.
but did not want me
to have another partner.
That's crazy to me.
I don't know that guy.
Nikiwe.
Your partner was asked
the following question.
"Do you want to be
exclusively monogamous with Nikiwe?"
And they answered…
No.
And that answer is…
[voice] Lie.
[laughing]
I'm sorry.
I am very okay with being monogamous.
They're not ready to let that go.
The two of you talk a lot
about the fact that you're engaged.
Do you think
you are both ready for that next step?
I think I am ready for that next step.
And I think maybe it's because
a part of me is. like. really hoping.
like… [sobbing] …maybe that shit
was taken out of context
and you didn't mean to mention
my kid and my shit.
and. like. you didn't…
Like. you didn't mean to do me like that.
Like I'm hoping…
Like. there's a part of me hoping. like…
Nikiwe. you have a lot to reflect on.
Naledi's lie took away 10.000 rand
from your prize pot.
Thank you. Nikiwe.
You may take your seat.
Gontse. please join me.
[Gontse sighs]
Are you worried about tonight?
I'm worried that. you know.
she might not consider me
with her actions and everything. so yeah.
I'd like you to watch the next clip.
Me and Jordan's spark has like…
It's grown.
I feel safer. I feel more comfortable.
I'm starting to like him.
We have something that can grow into more.
If there's one thing. I feel like.
I really appreciate about you.
is that. like. you're a man.
I wanna feel secure in my relationship.
I wanna feel safe. I wanna feel trust.
but I don't know if I have that.
One thing I really like about you
is we can be calm and serious
and have honest conversations.
Jordan creates a safe space for me
to express my feelings
and to be vulnerable.
and I don't feel that with my partner.
What do you think?
It's clearly. you know. you've just
wanted something else the whole time.
There's certain aspects
that I can grow as a person.
but there's certain things
that I'll always be.
And I can only grow and change so much
till the point that
she just wants a different person.
Well. she said that you're not serious.
You like to joke around all the time.
Is that something you're willing
to work on. or is that just how you are?
I would say there are times
where I take it a bit overboard.
I do hear her concerns.
but clearly it doesn't matter whether
I hear them or not anymore. you know.
Gontse. your partner was asked
the following question.
"Is it easier to be vulnerable with Jordan
than it is with Gontse?"
This is how she answered.
Yes.
And that answer is…
[voice] Truth.
[whispers] It's okay.
Are you emotionally closed off maybe?
I would say yes. I am.
but I've also felt. in more recent times
with Munaka. it's become more extreme.
I'm still open to seeing everything.
you know. uh…
Working on the relationship.
So. I'm just gonna take everything
as it comes.
Munaka's honesty added 10.000 rand
to the prize pot.
Gontse. I have another clip for you.
If I don't resolve the issues
that I came here to resolve.
like. I'm not gonna leave with him.
Like. I'm gonna have to do
what's right for me.
-[Mia] Yeah.
-And…
My feelings are valid.
I should not feel bad
for wanting certain things.
-You know him?
-Gontse. Gontse?
Yeah. that's my boyfriend.
Goddamn it.
We went out on a date.
-You and Gontse went… When was this?
-Yeah. it was like last year.
One thing I can tell you for a fact.
-he is very selfish.
-Yeah.
I would really say.
in this situation. put yourself first.
-Are you in love with him?
-No.
-There you go. Done.
-Yeah.
What else do you need to know?
[in Zulu] Let's start with the date.
[Gontse. in English] Eish. eish. you know?
Yeah. I do know Mallay.
I have taken her out on a date.
That was also a while ago.
How did you feel about
what Mallay was saying about you though.
and the fact that Munaka was agreeing?
That I'm selfish?
Maybe when I first met Mo.
I was still that person.
but over time. I've grown out of that.
I can't. forever. for the rest of my life.
be paying for the sins
of who I used to be.
And her saying. when they asked her
does she love me…
I'm always the one that's hesitant
to say it. but you're always…
you're the first one to say.
"Aw. Gontse. I love you. Say it back."
Clearly. I don't know
who I've been with this whole time.
Gontse. Munaka was asked
the following question.
"Are you in love with Gontse?"
This is how she answered.
No.
And that answer is…
[voice] Lie.
It really doesn't make a difference. hey?
Because if you can get lost in the moment.
as soon as people are around.
you're like. "Ugh. nah. I don't love him."
The whole bandwagon is saying.
"Ah. nah. Say you don't."
So. maybe it's that.
I don't know.
Munaka's lie took away 10.000 rand
from the prize pot.
Thank you. Gontse.
You can return to your seat.
Kuda. please join me.
How are you feeling about tonight?
The last time I was in this seat.
it was a bit of a movie.
So. not my favorite place. you know?
You ready. Kuda?
I'd like you to please watch this clip.
Today. I'm feeling light. man.
If he thought it was fine to sleep under
the covers with people he doesn't know…
[in Zulu]
Be a bad bitch then. what can one say?
[in English] And I was like.
"Eish. I take my boy's girl."
-Then Siya's--
-That's why!
-[laughs]
-Siya's looking at me like this.
-Am I developing feelings for Lynn?
-[Lynn] Ah.
[Veezo] Yeah. man.
It's giving a relationship feeling.
and it's getting weird.
But weird in a good way.
Is it getting weird?
-It's getting weird.
-[Minnie chuckles]
[in Zulu] It's awkward. Yoh.
No. man.
It sorta hurts.
It's like two single people
getting to know each other.
Kuda. your partner received
the following question.
"Do you have a crush on Veezo?"
Lynn answered…
Yes.
And her answer is…
[voice] Truth.
Happy for her.
You're sounding like you're done.
I'm not done.
The conversation we have.
when we get to finish it off. will…
will tell.
Okay.
Lynn's honesty added 10.000 rand
to the prize pot.
Kuda. I'd like you to watch one more clip.
[Nikiwe exhales]
Tense.
I would like to have a lot more confidence
-in my relationship.
-Mm-mmm.
The fact that I can wear
whatever I wanna wear
without having to nurse
-or think about your insecurities.
-Mm-mmm.
Kuda in the club is bouncing
from wall to wall.
And then. I'm standing there like this.
It's a lot of pressure
having someone to take care of.
We're finally asking the right questions.
and finding introspection
in the right ways.
-Kuda uses logic.
-Mm-mmm.
-But you're not telling me how you feel.
-Exactly.
"I feel frustrated.
Lynn. I'm angry. bruh."
Maybe that's the best thing they ever did
-for us.
-True.
-Was separate us from our people so that…
-Yeah. the separation is helping.
-…we can rediscover our own identity.
-Ourselves. yes.
At least this time.
it's not stuff she hasn't voiced.
I guess she's getting a chance
to vent about it again.
and it's something I've tried to work on.
Kuda. Lynn received
the following question.
"Will you ever be ready to marry Kuda?"
-[mouths word] What?
-[Kuda] Hmm.
This is what she said.
No.
And her answer is…
[voice] Lie.
Oh. my goodness.
-[chuckles]
-My heart.
Uh. maybe. you see.
the experience is giving her that mind-set
that I'm able to start over.
-So…
-Kuda.
It was a lie.
-It was a lie. but--
-Which means?
She was trying to tell the truth.
Okay.
Lynn's lie has taken away 10.000 rand
from the prize pot.
Kuda. you can take your seat.
[Kuda] Yoh.
Lynn is clearly over me.
So I guess I'm the idiot.
I hope that what you all saw
and heard here tonight
gave you the insight that you need.
Thank you. lovelies.
It's so funny
because they were influencing each other
-to do this shit.
-The two of them slept together.
[Kuda] I told you guys. Herd mentality.
Herd mentality is a real thing.
Me. I'm just shocked.
They influenced my partner
into saying they don't love me. Yoh.
And you are venting
to a hun that wants to fuck you.
I will embarrass myself to that point.
And after this relationship.
no one will ever be able to get to me.
It's enough for me now.
-Like this is as much…
-Uh-huh.
This is how much I can handle.
Well. let me comfort you. okay?
I guarantee you
that girl does not want Siya.
[groans]
[in Zulu] You went and humiliated me.
[in English]
I can't do this relationship with you.
Not now. not ever.
[sighs]
I don't feel good. [chuckles]
[sighs] This connection that I established
with a person who was a stranger
brought me closer to myself.
and I was pursuing me.
you know.
rather than thinking about it more.
I'm disappointed in you.
but I'm not angry at you.
Like what you did was a mistake.
It's fine.
But the fact that. at least.
you can acknowledge where you're wrong.
-that's a good start.
-Mm-hmm. [sniffles]
[chuckles]
I'm really…
I'm really afraid of losing Nancy.
Let me put it like that.
[Minnie] Change is in the air.
and those who missed out on all the fun
will now get to live it up
in Villa Umjolo.
Their partners. however…
They now have to deal with
the consequences of their actions.
Shortly. I will show them how
the last Love Never Lies ceremony went.
How is Villa Umgowo treating you?
-We're going through it.
-It's all right.
-But we're still okay. right?
-[participants laugh]
-[Clayton] Yeah.
-[Minnie] Okay.
As you know.
you were all tested by EyeDetect.
Your partners took part in
a Love Never Lies ceremony.
during which they learnt your answers.
Your partners got to see how you all spent
your time in Villa Umjolo.
In a few moments. you will get to see
how they reacted
to what they saw and heard.
These. however. are only fragments.
You will not get to see
whether your answers were
the truth or a lie.
[exhales]
Please proceed to the living room.
You'll be watching your videos one by one.
Lynn. please stay.
-Lynn?
-Yes.
-How are you doing?
-I'm well. thank you. A bit scared now.
I would've loved to be there
to explain
why my answers are the way they are.
-Are you ready?
-I am.
Okay. let's take a look.
Okay.
If he thought it was fine to sleep
under the covers
with people that he doesn't know…
[in Zulu]
Be a bad bitch then. what can one say?
[in English] Maybe that's the best
thing they ever did for us was separate us
-from our people so we can…
-Separation is helping.
-…rediscover our own identity.
-Ourselves. yes.
Will you ever be ready to marry Kuda?
-No.
-[gasps]
[Kuda] I guess it is what it is.
I can't feel worse than I do now. can I?
She said she ain't ready to marry me.
And now she's thinking
I'm not the guy for her.
I guess I'm the idiot.
Oh. my God.
What's going through your mind?
That's not how I wanted to make him feel.
What are you worried about the most?
That he's going to retaliate.
That he thinks I'm over him.
Do you want to marry Kuda?
I do want to marry Kuda.
but I have to marry a different Kuda.
It cannot be the Kuda that I'm with today.
It seems like you've got a lot
to think about.
-Absolutely.
-I'll see you soon.
-Thank you so much.
-Okay.
All right.
It is extremely heartbreaking for me
to see the pain in my boyfriend's eyes.
Oh. my God.
-[Naledi] Yeah.
-[Bohlale] I'm so sorry about this.
It's not looking good.
How are you. baby girl? How's your heart?
After watching
what just transpired with Kuda.
like. I'm really worried
that whatever I did
can cause the same pain to my partner.
-Are you ready?
-Yeah.
-Okay. let's rip off the Band-Aid.
-Yes. let's just do it.
-[Minnie] Let's go.
-[giggles]
If there's one thing. I feel like.
I really appreciate about you.
is that. like. you're a man.
It just reminds me of what I'm lacking
-in my relationship with my partner.
-Yoh.
-Damn.
-[Munaka] And it's like…
Are you in love with Gontse?
No.
[Gontse]
I can only grow and change so much
till the point that
she just wants a different person.
I just wasn't the person for you.
Yoh.
What?
A part of me thinks
maybe I just chose wrong.
So I think I also did this to myself.
you know?
I chose someone who wouldn't love me
because that's what I feel like I deserve.
Munaka. what do you need from him?
I just need him to
just be open.
I can't connect with a rock.
I need a human.
Be vulnerable. Make me feel wanted.
I don't wanna feel
like you're not afraid to hurt me.
And be committed to us as a couple.
That's all I want.
Everything else is perfect.
but that's what I need from him.
And after this. I don't know if he's gonna
even want to try to do that with me.
People fall in and out of love
all the time.
I'm not in love right now.
but I'm here to fall in love
with my partner again.
Guys. I hurt that man. [groans]
-Yeah. No. he's hurt. dawg.
-Don't say that!
Hi. Naledi.
Hi. How are you?
I'm good. but how's your heart?
The last thing I want is for my person
to feel any ounce of pain.
any ounce of hurt.
You ready to see?
As ready as I'll ever be. [laughs]
Let's watch.
"Do you want to be
exclusively monogamous with Nikiwe?"
No.
That person is not polyamorous.
They're polygamous
because they want more than one partner.
but did not want me to have
another partner.
That's crazy to me.
You need to be able to buy yourself
a pair of shoes.
To take your kid on a fucking trip.
-[Clayton] Yeah.
-Why can't you do that?
Why do you think you can say
stuff like this to other people?
You don't know these people.
What are you doing?
What are you on?
Yoh. Naledi wants to fight.
-That's right.
-How do you bring up my kid?
In that moment. do you know
how close I was to taking off my ring?
This close.
Careless.
There's no context
that can make that right.
So. I'm not even gonna try.
like. rationalize.
I feel incredibly guilty.
Not being able to. like. be
in a room right now with Nikiwe
and say. "Yoh. dude. I fucked up.
I am so sorry."
Hello. Siya.
Hi. ma'am.
How are you doing?
I'm nervous.
-Deep breaths. You ready?
-Yeah.
-Let's take a look.
-Okay.
Do you feel emasculated by Pretty?
Yes.
At this point. I feel like
Siya doesn't have a backbone. you know.
He's just basically listening
to what everybody is saying.
[participants shriek. cheer]
I'm so disappointed
that he lied to my face
and told me that he would
never cheat on me. [sniffles]
[all] He didn't cheat on you!
I don't think I'll ever forgive Siya
for this. [chuckles]
I saw a person who is just selfish. [sobs]
And they're just thinking
about themselves.
You don't even have a plate. boy.
You don't even have nothing.
You just have a suitcase.
-She doesn't respect him.
-She's emasculating.
-She's emasculating as fuck.
-Why do you say. "You don't have a plate?"
It's emasculating.
whether you like it or not.
How did that make you feel?
To be honest. Minnie.
I don't know what to say to you. ma'am.
I just got too comfortable with Mallay.
[in Zulu] You get me?
[in English]
But that didn't mean anything.
But you also need to remember
that what she saw and heard
are things that you said and did.
[in Sotho] Yoh. I'm speechless.
[in English]
My time with Mallay was just great.
And that Siya that was out there
is the Siya that Pretty
fell in love at first.
[in Sotho]
I'm not saying you are no good for me.
[in English]
But it's just on certain days.
you just make me feel so small.
Are you ready?
[inhales] Yes.
Let's take a look.
He's teaching me a lot of things that I
feel like I'm lacking in my relationship.
[participants chatter. shriek]
[Clayton] Like.
I felt such an urge to kiss him.
As much as he wants to weigh things.
I have to also now weigh things.
And if Clayton wants to call it quits.
then just man up and do it.
-He's not okay.
-[Naledi] Yoh!
[Munaka] He's not okay at all.
Like. you can't be vulnerable.
I'm too extra. I'll take away light.
I've already. like.
forgave you for cheating.
Wasn't that enough?
-[Lynn] Oof.
-[Munaka squeals]
Damn.
Clayton. one of the issues was flirting.
Did you forget about those issues.
and what are your thoughts on that?
I literally said that. yes.
I have this urge with Simo.
but I won't act on it because of how much
I respect Wilfred and how much I love him.
I was just opening myself out there
to see if Wilfred is really my person.
and after doing that.
I can confidently say that I do love him
and I want to be everything
that he wants me to be.
You okay?
I'll be fine.
He never saw me kissing anybody.
He never saw me having sex with anybody.
So. he can not use that as an excuse to do
something reckless or do something stupid.
[Bohlale sighs]
Are you ready?
-No.
-[chuckles]
But…
There's no time like the present?
-Yes.
-Let's go.
[Bohlale] I'm just that kid that's
enjoying school right now
and I don't want my parents to fetch me.
My parents being Nancy
in this situation. [chuckles]
[in Zulu] Mia is consistent enough
to make him feel like a man.
I can't make him feel like a man.
[in English] Interest sparks
consistent urge to want to.
excuse my French.
to fuck.
What?
[all gasp]
"Did you have sex with Mia?"
-Yes.
-[Lynn] Jesus!
[in Zulu] Bohlale doesn't deserve me.
I won't forgive him
for the rest of my life.
[in English]
Bohlale disrespected my feelings.
He didn't care.
-When I get back to Pretoria…
-I've been feeling bridges.
…I'm packing my stuff.
-I'm going back home.
-I've been feeling bridges lately.
You are a coward.
A serious one.
You slept with someone…
-She's 100% right.
-…on international TV.
No. I completely get it. Like--
[Lynn] There's nothing you can say.
If you weren't thinking about me. you
didn't think other people would see this?
-[Lynn] Exactly.
-[Munaka] Like the whole world.
How do you feel?
I feel terrible.
Do you think she can forgive you?
I'm not expecting it.
And that's the part that
scares me the most.
[sniffling]
[chuckles. sniffs]
I'm so sorry.
but just know that I love you…
All my heart.
[in Zulu] I'm terribly sorry.
[Minnie] While Villa Umgowo grapples
with unresolved feelings
the tables have turned in Villa Umjolo.
Having already gone through the most.
they are ready to trade-in their tears
for some fun.
And what better way to start than
with brand-new singles joining the villa.
My name is Lihle. I'm 24 years old.
and I'm from KZN.
To seduce someone.
I don't have to do much.
I just need to be in the same room as you.
If you're in a relationship. that's not
a problem. I don't mind stealing.
I'm very naughty.
[Gontse] Hey. how you?
-What's your name?
-Lihle.
-Gontse.
-How are you though?
I am actually fighting for my life.
I can't lie to you. Yoh.
Why? What's going on?
You know when someone's missing something
in a relationship
and they start looking for it
in other places?
So. they don't think
you're the whole package?
Yeah. something like that.
I think you are.
Oh. are you flirting with me?
[Gontse] I'm just trying
to enjoy the vibe. you know?
Yeah. get out this funk that I'm in.
If someone's like. "I dated Gontse."
What would they probably say about you?
So. Gontse is a good guy.
but sometimes. he does bad things.
You spicy.
[laughs]
My name is Star.
also known as "The girl in the middle."
Currently. the girl in the middle
of your relationship.
I'm looking for someone who is fun.
Who wants to be my friend
as much as they wanna be my lover.
If we're on the same vibe.
we'll try to behave.
but I'm not making any promises.
It is what it is what it is.
-Hi. How are you?
-Good. How are you?
-I'm good. Star.
-Kuda.
-Pleased to meet you. Kuda.
-Likewise.
And how's your experience been thus far?
Insightful.
-Mm-hmm.
-If not this relationship.
my next relationship
will be better for it.
Whatever has happened in the last week
or whatever really doesn't matter now.
I think it's just our chance
to get to know each other.
-I think so.
-Mm-hmm.
-Give it a real chance.
-Yeah.
Toast to communication.
Toast to communication and to paradise.
-Paradise.
-Cheers.
Look me in the eye.
You know what they say.
Nobody wants bad sex.
I've never been a part of bad sex.
-Oh.
-[softly] I'm joking.
I won't lie. If I was on the sarge…
in the streets back in the day.
I would definitely be approaching.
Shine bright like a star.
[chuckles]
[Pretty] My heart right now
is still in shatters
so it's hard for me
to see past what I'm feeling.
Yo. my name is Shaun. I'm 24 years of age.
I usually go for what I want
and I don't back down. man.
My biggest physical asset
has to be my abs.
I'm a good listener. I know how to
make someone feel comfortable
with being vulnerable around me.
[in Sotho] That's me.
I can make you feel special.
[in English] Like a real woman.
-How are you?
-I'm not okay.
Are you willing to share
with me what the problem is?
Not really.
-Don't trust me yet?
-[chuckling] Not yet.
Yeah. maybe as time goes on probably.
So. can we have a toast to
getting to know each other…
-Yeah.
-…on that level?
[softly] Getting to know each other.
I think he's a very nice person
in general.
I'm just not in a happy state.
My name is Thabang and I am 22 years old.
[in Tswana] As you can see. I'm hot. sexy.
[in English] I'm everybody's type.
The taste of me is like Eet-Sum-Mor.
Like. you just want more.
I'm coming for your heart.
just to make sure that you know
what kind of love you can get.
-Hi.
-How are you?
-Good. and you?
-I'm good.
-Um.
-You look handsome. hey.
-You look handsome. [chuckles]
-Thank you. I try.
-I like the outfit.
-My outfit.
-I like the leather thing. It looks nice.
-Thank you.
-Thank you. I try to--
-And I mean. also. the smile is giving.
[chuckles]
Let the fun times roll. [chuckles]
My name is Kgosi.
My full name is Kgositsile.
and that means "the king has arrived."
The king has arrived. [laughs]
I'm here to date somebody's girl.
I'm sorry. but I'm not really sorry.
I promise you I'll be the king
that you need.
-Hello.
-Hi.
-Do you do hugs?
-Yeah.
-How are you?
-I'm good.
Excellent. Kgosi.
-Kgosi?
-Yes.
-Nikiwe. It's nice to meet you.
-Nikiwe. Okay.
[groans]
I don't know if I can do this.
It's very important to me
that there are boundaries
and commitments that I will not dishonor.
So. you're telling me that I have no space
and no opportunity.
You'll find that
I'm not an easy cookie to crack.
I will obviously respect that.
but you just seem like
you've got your guard up so high.
Behind the walls there's crazy Nikki.
moody Nikki.
spiritual Nikki. crier Nikki.
It's not for the streets that thing.
[laughs]
It's not.
It's your boy Santino. aka Tino.
aka make the girls go loco.
I have a very high sex drive.
As you can see.
I'm long in all departments.
The man's a tripod. You get me?
[chuckles]
I meet someone who's in a relationship.
I will show them that there's things
that they're yet to experience.
Possibly a life changing experience.
-Hey. nice to meet you. I'm Santino.
-Nice to meet you too.
I'm Nancy.
First thing I notice. she's built nice.
you know?
-How are you feeling?
-100%.
-I'm always feeling good.
-Mm-hmm.
I don't know if you can tell.
I'm an optimist.
I can see.
Yeah. and I'm always carrying a smile
on my face.
-I can see that.
-Yeah.
Hopefully. we can keep one
on your face too.
-Please. Please do that for me.
-I'm going to do my utmost best.
[both chuckle]
I trust you.
Uh. relationship wise?
-I thought I was in a relationship.
-Yeah?
Until something happened. but…
[sucks teeth] …that's for another day.
So. here's to us spending the whole day
getting to know each other better.
Cheers.
[no audible dialogue]
[cheering]
I want to welcome you
to this lovely villa!
Let's cheers. guys!
-Whoo! To meeting new people!
-[participants cheering]
Yeah. whoo! [chuckles]
Guys.
What was it about Mia that. like.
"I can have sex with you"?
Dawg. I didn't want to have sex with Mia.
Bohlale. you had sex with her
which means you did at some point.
So. you see. That for me.
at this point where I'm at.
when you… [clicks] …when you…
I get fucking pissed. bro.
-You can't be angry at me for like--
-I'm not mad at you.
I'm guiding you here.
I know I had sex with Mia.
Don't fucking remind me
that I had sex with Mia.
I'm trying to process
how it's making me feel.
[Munaka] You hurt someone.
and nothing you say around.
"Oh. but this was a…" [exclaims]
No one cares. We don't care. my guy.
If the journey that
I'm explaining bores you.
then gladly.
you don't have to listen to me.
I'm very worried about him
because he's having a lot more moments
of snapping at people
because he's frustrated
and he feels like all eyes are on him.
[Minnie] Doubt. regret. sadness.
Just a few of the emotions our residents
at Villa Umgowo are going through.
In just a few moments. I'll show them
who their partners are living with
in Villa Umjolo.
I have an update for you all.
Your partners have guests with them
in Villa Umjolo.
Are you ready to see them?
Whoo! [sighs]
Take a look at the screen.
I believe building a connection
is possible.
It makes me kind of. you know. worried.
Munaka?
Like she's pretty.
but I don't think
my partner would do anything stupid.
Clayton?
I don't want to be cocky.
Anything can happen.
Lynn?
Your partners sat
in these exact same positions.
I understand that.
and I hope he was as trusting
as I'm trying to be right now.
Okay. my lovelies.
I'll be back soon.
[Lynn] What's the worst that could happen?
Star looks good. She's sleeping in my bed.
It's not looking good
and I definitely wish I could talk to him.
[screams]
Are you feeling romance?
The Frisbee. yes.
The Frisbee is giving romance.
-No. I mean the sitting on the beach. man!
-[chuckles]
-How you feeling?
-Good. How do you feel though?
You're the one that had the jump scare.
It's still fresh. It's a lot.
-Yeah.
-It's a lot to take in. so…
You miss Lynn?
Somewhat.
But if I was seeing Lynn.
I'd probably be in a tense sort of space.
Do you even see yourself in another
relationship that does not involve Lynn?
Possibly. man.
I mean.
I've moved on before from a long-term
thing that I thought would be forever.
-Toast to a new girlfriend. [chuckles]
-Oh. for real.
[both laugh]
I think we are building a good rapport.
The connection seems easy.
It's very familiar.
So. at this moment. are you single.
in a relationship?
At this moment.
I am in a relationship still.
But wouldn't you also.
like. wanna have fun?
I mean. she did.
Don't get me wrong. dude.
I 100% want to get back at her.
but that's also not the person I want
to be anymore. Like--
Wait. That doesn't mean
you have to be all up in my "badonks"
or we have to be all up in each other. No?
Just for you to tell me
how you're feeling today. that's it.
I'm here to help you.
If I feel like you really mean that.
and I see that you really mean that.
I care for people that care for me.
I'll always be here.
I'll just be welcoming
everything coming my way.
Cheers to caring then.
[Santino sighs]
Are you enjoying the beach so far?
Yeah. I am.
Where do you see yourself going from now?
Relationship wise.
I don't see it happening.
He didn't just flirt. kiss…
He went beyond.
-Yoh.
-So. yeah.
I don't trust the guy anymore.
But you should hold your head up high
because you're a strong beautiful woman.
you know?
Thank you.
And don't let what happened
deter you from life.
or that you have a resentment for life
or make you bitter. you know?
[Nancy] As beautiful as I am…
[in Zulu] …I am not meant
to be constantly angry and crying.
[in English]
So Santino. he's a very good person.
Thank you for listening to me
and being patient.
-I truly appreciate.
-I got you.
He's that friend I'm willing to keep.
You know. I don't know
-how vulnerable my shorty is right now.
-Mmm.
But I know that there's a sense
of vulnerability.
Vulnerability.
[in Zulu] This guy…
[in English] As much as he gives
-a narcissistic. evil guy…
-Mmm.
…he's also giving
a manipulative type of situation.
You know what I mean?
Where he could use the spirituality…
-Mmm.
-…to an extent.
-I feel like--
-In a calculated way.
In a calculated way. You know what I mean?
Santino is giving rock star.
He's giving. "I'll tell you nice things.
so you think I'm nice."
The idea of just. like. someone hitting on
my person is bothersome. dawg.
-Like I can feel it inside my blood.
-Nah. for real.
-[Bohlale] Yeah.
-[chuckles] Like. it's… I'm annoyed.
A person
pursuing my person.
It's weird as hell.
-[Kgosi] This looks great.
-Yeah. yeah. It does.
[Kgosi] I love this setting. yeah.
I'm not sure about the water.
-[Nikiwe laughs]
-What?
[chuckling]
I've finally gotten to a point where
we can start talking a little bit more.
and we can start opening up
to one another.
But now how are you feeling.
most importantly?
I'm not impressed with them right now.
Please don't get me wrong. right?
But I think for me. more than anything.
it's about honoring the commitments
that I've made to my partner for myself.
100%.
I know that. like.
I have given you clear and utter bat.
I have literally friend-zoned you
and locked you there.
From the jump.
Unfortunately.
that's never going to change.
[laughs]
-And it has--
-I receive.
Receive it in abundance.
[laughs]
We are making the best
of the situation at hand.
Cheers to the days ahead. and um…
See what's gonna happen.
-Just be open to things. you know.
-Yeah.
Whatever happens. happens.
Yes. I was hoping for more at some point.
You understand?
What does that mean. like?
I haven't kissed anyone in a long time.
Why am I blushing?
You know where I'm at.
It might happen.
it might not happen. you know?
We just have to see
where this journey goes.
The conversation with Thabang.
it's flowing. it's going.
I like when. you know.
people's home language isn't Afrikaans…
-Yeah.
-…when they speak Afrikaans.
It's just for me the…
I don't know. the cutest thing.
The sexiest. I don't know.
I'll go for the simple one.
like the normal line.
-[in Afrikaans] I love you.
-[giggles]
[in English] I love how you say it.
I don't know what to respond to that.
I'm going on a date with Shaun.
I'm feeling fine.
Like. I'm trying my best to keep Siya
out of our conversations.
The first time I saw you.
you looked miserable.
-[laughs]
-You looked miserable.
But eventually. I got out of it. right?
-It took some time. though.
-Yeah.
-It took some time. but like--
-But eventually.
I actually enjoy your company.
-Really?
-Yeah.
-But you didn't like me.
-I like… At first. it was--
-[laughs]
-You wouldn't like yourself either.
[laughs]
My type is if we laugh more than anything.
Making jokes. Good to go.
[in Sotho] I honestly messed up.
[in English] I know the trust
has just went out through the window.
The only thing I'm trying to think about
is like. what are they doing now?
Now they're gonna do stuff
that we can't forgive.
-And that's the sad part.
-You see?
Right now. I just wanna move out and
go back to Umjolo because this is not it.
Uh-uh. [in Xhosa] I'm going through it.
[in English] I'm feeling disappointed.
I'm feeling sad.
I wouldn't have imagined that
I'd be responsible for such a thing.
[sniffs]
Yeah.
I hate this place.
I am the queen. Wild Flower.
The queen of nature and Villa Umjolo.
So. do you feel like a king?
Show me your muscles.
Do this. [groans]
[chuckles. shrieks] Let me hold it.
[shouts. laughs]
The real king.
[laughs]
We're naturally just flowing
and nothing is… There's no blockages.
Oh. Star. You're looking like a goddess.
Hey. you know who you're giving?
There's one lady who has sex with people
-and swallows them whole in their vagina.
-[screams]
Every conversation becomes an easy.
natural. affinity-building moment.
[Kuda whispers] Do you wanna snuggle?
[Star chuckles]
I think snuggles are dangerous
when you're drunk.
Mm-mmm.
Snuggles are dangerous when you're drunk.
-Oh. that was a no. Sorry.
-[chuckles]
[singing]
♪ Dangerous! Dangerous! Dangerous! ♪
Because cuddles don't end there.
Next thing it's like…
[stammers. coughs]
And then. next thing it's like the tip.
[in Zulu] Oh. no. I could never!
Some say the truth hurts.
but is ignorance really bliss?
Well. brace yourselves.
because those in Villa Umgowo
are about to find out
how much fun their partners are having.
Can they handle the truth?
Let's wait and see.
Hello. my lovelies.
[participants] Hi.
How have you been
since the last time I saw you?
Bad.
If you're curious as to what your partners
have been getting up to in Villa Umjolo.
you will soon find out.
You will join me to watch one by one.
but for now. please proceed to the lounge.
Siya. you'll go first.
How you feeling today?
I just don't wanna
speculate over anything.
so I'm just expecting the unexpected.
-All right. are you ready to see?
-Let's go.
I sort of feel like I have to mellow down
who I am to make them feel like a man.
-[Bohlale sucks teeth]
-[participants gasp]
Shaun! I want that cucumber.
[participants cheer]
[Munaka shrieks]
It's giving me anxiety.